Standardize NeoPixel LED layout across all firmware sketches (#35)
upsidedownlabs/npg-lite-firmware: README.md

# NPG Lite Arduino Firmware

> **Neuro PlayGround (NPG) Lite** is an open-source neuroscience development board by [Upside Down Labs](https://upsidedownlabs.tech/) that lets you read, process, and act on bio-potential signals like EEG, EMG, and EOG directly from an ESP32-based wearable. This repository contains the complete Arduino firmware library for the NPG Lite hardware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Neuro PlayGround (NPG) Lite** is an open-source neuroscience development board by [Upside Down Labs](https://upsidedownlabs.tech/) that lets you read, process, and act on bio-potential signals like EEG, EMG, and EOG. This repository contains several standalone examples for the NPG Lite hardware.
```

Author: Done.

| Implements a BLE HID keyboard that sends right‑arrow on double blinks and left‑arrow on triple blinks to control slides in a presentation.| [Blinky-Keys-BLE.ino](Blinky-Keys-BLE/Blinky-Keys-BLE.ino) |
| Implements a BLE gamepad that reads EEG and EMG signals to control games on Windows, using focus and muscle contractions.| [BCI-BLE-Gamepad.ino](BCI-BLE-Gamepad/BCI-BLE-Gamepad.ino) |

---

## Standardized NeoPixel LED Layout

All BLE-enabled or peripheral-using sketches follow a shared 6-LED NeoPixel convention so the board behaves predictably across firmware variants.

| LED | Standard Role | Colors |
|-----|--------------|--------|
| **LED 1** | BLE / Wi-Fi connection status | GREEN = connected · RED = disconnected · BLUE = actively streaming data |
| **LED 2** | General purpose | Sketch-specific |
| **LED 3** | I²C peripheral status | GREEN = device found · RED = device missing |
| **LED 4** | General purpose | Sketch-specific |
| **LED 5** | General purpose | Sketch-specific |

> | **LED 6** | Battery level | GREEN > 70 % · ORANGE 20–70 % · RED < 20 % |

Reviewer: should mention files which are exception to this standard

Author: Did it. However a lot of files use all 6 LEDs hence don't follow the standard. It is irrelevant to call it standard if these many files don't follow it . Need your input.
